I'm here to Mirza messed up my headgear
sorry man
all right hop on man I'll go redefine my
headgear
oh hey are you going to the out rapid or
sad guy of course I'm going man
I thought it was so dare turn man Martha
them into the travel agent he got me one
of them sports packages includes coach
from south old to Manchester with a
five-day stopover remover Anthony does
that include match tickets
bloody uncle poster lucky kiss much at
ease man okay ticket away supporters in
the allocation is sounder man you're
talking about the white man's ticket
allocation distilled Asian ticket
allocation what's that dude five per
game huh how come there's no more than
five items at a football match man ah
the age-old question the answer is
simple there are two reasons first of
all ain't no way the agents gonna eat
the crap they serve at football grounds
I mean I can't see my daddy no me PI
don't know they start to define it more
clearly and maybe throwing some
coriander in it
good point man I mean I can't see my
auntie bimbo getting a gold brand of
coal jumbo sausage
we'll watch the second reason man it the
second reason is this right if you go
football every side a who's gonna look
after the shop so who did you support in
the World Cup were you all about now I
mean did you support England or did you
support France cuz they won London's a
stupid question
there was only one came to support the
team that represents the motherland of
our culture and language our way of life
India what they're meant for India I'm
talking about Jamaica
the rigor Bligh
exactly my point man plus their kid is
sponsored by his royal bagginess the one
and only joseph blogs Esquire the master
why adenine you got team cuz it means
they'll play football man watch that
because of the ball in it
what bad man is made of leather right
Hindu football team consists of 11
blocks trying not to touch the ball that
is not a good tactic what they should
have is a pork pool for the Hindu team
and give the baseball to the Muslim
teams smart and for internationals I
could use a veggie poo not pumpkin or
big Swede
or can I
you